Use vidore benchmark to monitor performances during training (#195)
illuin-tech/colpali: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed

- Warn about evaluation being different from Vidore, and do not store results to prevent confusion.

> 

Author: Not true, update

### Added

> - Add the possibility for a user to evaluate a model on retrieval datasets (e.g ViDoRe benchmark) during its training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `BenchmarkEvalCallback` to evaluate a model on retrieval datasets (e.g ViDoRe benchmark) during its training and display the metrics on Weight&Biases.
```
